What could I do ?
All I could say was , " No.
But the truth is that Tasha pointed it out from the one place where it could barely be seen , and I only felt envy that it had been designed by someone with understated good taste .
Moreover , he never did portraits of famous people ; his works were therefore the reality and could never be compared to it .
I suppose I could assist a friend .
Still , if I do decide , we could practice - - "
If I thought he could free me from you - - "
 You could write a play about someone like him . 
What else could he be called ? "
I waited , and drank a glass of MorningAfter and three cups of coffee , and wondered whether our affair could survive the events of the night , and whether I wanted it to .
It was as attractive and as impersonal as a decorator could arrange for tenants of unknown taste .
Had he been faster , he could have had rage .
She smiled in trust or pleasure or pride , an erotic Mona Lisa who would smile forever , and I could never know why .
I could free Tasha .
I could say that I did not dare to take responsibility for her fate .
I could say that I chose out of consideration for her desire for fame ; some critics already say " Waking With Tasha " is Malaquez 's finest work .
I got older and went to school , then to college , and I replaced the dreams my Nana gave me with the music DJs mixed for crowds in clubs , webs of pulse that shook us until we could believe anything .
It was dark enough that I could actually see a few stars through the screen of city light .
Without hearing the car horns , I could almost taste the air of late March through the street fumes .
Now spring was back , under the concrete , and I could smell it even here .
Through the dark , I could see three bolts left in the wall from where they 'd taken down the crucifix .
I did n't know how they could miss such exotic features , even in that distorting light .
The ceiling was high and wooden , and I could see part of a DJ 's booth down the hall .
I do n't know how he could 've been heard over the music .
Please , if we could see him , we would be much obliged .
The next room had mosaics of what could have been Rome , with men in simple tunics working in a vineyard on one wall and men in odd , floppy hats on the other .
If we only had a human on our staff , we could have done so ages ago and sold it off , but we have no such luck . 
That such a rock could hold so much magic it 's a wonder .
I thought that I could feel a slight itching .
said Nepthys , ' you could use a drink ' .
You could run on empty with a little of that stuff .
I undid the strings and let the pouch sit on my palm so that I could see the stone inside .
From behind him , I could hear something that sounded like a remix of the Cure 's ' A Forest ' .
Inside , the space opened into a wide , square chamber mirrored and so dark that it could have been any size .
Nepthys interrupted , ' if this fool had n't accidentally woken her up before we could give her to our contact .
' You know I would n't come to you if I could get this information another way ' .
I thought back to seeing the man in the hollow church and described his skin , his dark hair , the way that light seemed to flow around him , as best as I could .
When I had told her all that I could remember , she blinked her black lashes and said , ' I remember him ' . 
Nepthys could hardly believe her .
I was n't sure that I could survive the crush of the crowd .
A woman who could have been an elf twitched and jerked beside me , fingers trembling at the torn edges of her clothing .
His eyes were glowing red , and he had bared a set of fangs that could probably take my hand off .
He bashed up a set of stairs set into the side of the wall , and we chased up after him , heading up a huge staircase that seemed to go up for more stories than the building could have held .
I raised the stake ; he drew back the dagger for a slash that could doubtless open my neck from throat to spine .
I could perceive Nepthys' sword flashing over me , and I heard steel crack , then bone .
