Units that reduce their emissions below the number of allowances they hold may trade allowances with other units in the system , sell them to other sources or save them for future use .
Children born to women who consume large amounts of mercury-contaminated fish while pregnant may be at risk for neurodevelopmental defects .
• NOx emissions contribute to nitrogen deposition that may lead to eutrophication of estuaries and near-coastal waters and can damage forested watersheds .
These factors are exacerbated by limited timeframes that may constrain available compliance options and thwart long range planning .
These guidelines may provide a valuable basis as you weigh the proposals before you .
To meet these deadlines , facilities may need to be taken off-line during critical periods .
It may not be efficient for EPA to make these choices in rulemaking .
The Committee may also wish to consider provisions to track environmental progress to evaluate the efficacy of the program this bill would establish .
Some on Wall Street and in Washington with a stake in the status quo may be tempted to wipe from memory the events of this crisis , or to suggest that no one could have foreseen or prevented them .
Now to our major findings and conclusions , which are based on the facts contained in this report : they are offered with the hope that lessons may be learned to help avoid future catastrophe .
This is apart from how many times these securities may have been referenced in synthetic CDOs created by other firms .
With appropriate notice to the Board and LSC grant recipients , LSC 's President may change or alter this Protocol as circumstances warrant .
This document sets forth procedures to be used by LSC 's Office of Compliance and Enforcement ( OCE ) and Office of Program Performance ( OPP ) when making requests to review documents that contain information about clients and their cases that may be protected from disclosure to LSC by the attorney-client privilege or the rules of professional responsibility .
Recipients and LSC will work together in good faith regarding issues of access to records that may contain information protected by rules of professional responsibility or the law on attorney-client privilege .
1 . Applicability : This procedure applies to requests by the Office of Compliance and Enforcement ( OCE ) or the Office of Program Performance ( OPP ) for access to records of a recipient that may include information that may be protected by rules of professional responsibility or the law on attorney-client privilege .
1 . Applicability : This procedure applies to requests by the Office of Compliance and Enforcement ( OCE ) or the Office of Program Performance ( OPP ) for access to records of a recipient that may include information that may be protected by rules of professional responsibility or the law on attorney-client privilege .
Each review is an ongoing process that may expand based on information reviewed .
Such reasonable approaches may include unique client identifiers when appropriate .
5 . Unique State Ethics Rules : LSC acknowledges that there may be states where the rules of professional responsibility , ethics rulings , case law or other laws differ from the general framework under the Model Rules of Professional Responsibility and where the disclosures sought by OCE may implicate the recipient attorneys ' professional responsibilities or other law .
5 . Unique State Ethics Rules : LSC acknowledges that there may be states where the rules of professional responsibility , ethics rulings , case law or other laws differ from the general framework under the Model Rules of Professional Responsibility and where the disclosures sought by OCE may implicate the recipient attorneys ' professional responsibilities or other law .
8 . Disputes Between LSC and Recipients : If OCE and the recipient can not agree on an approach that will give OCE appropriate access to the records it needs and is consistent with the recipient 's responsibilities to protect privileged or confidential information , OCE , through the Vice- President for Administration , may recommend to the Vice President for Programs that LSC should take appropriate action with respect to the recipient .
The Vice President for Programs may request that and the President may direct OCE to further work with the recipient on an acceptable resolution or appropriately modify the request .
The Vice President for Programs may request that and the President may direct OCE to further work with the recipient on an acceptable resolution or appropriately modify the request .
However , if the action involves a sanction or adverse action other than termination or suspension , then LSC may , and is encouraged to , allow a recipient an opportunity to further present it 's position .
The recipient may then request a meeting with the LSC President to ask for reconsideration of the Vice President 's recommendation .
9 . If LSC management determines that a recipient has taken an unreasonable position or refused to work in good faith with OCE on these issues , then LSC may take reasonable corrective action in addition to pursuing access to the information in question .
These procedures do not create new rights or obligations for LSC or LSC recipients and may be modified by the LSC President as warranted , with appropriate notice to the Board and field programs .
